#Tips for the loading screen
#Thanks to 0lafe, boubou19, chochem, interestingusernam3, glowredman, GTNH-Afx237v7, leagris, LewisSaber, Nvidiot, Regian24, richardhendricks, yukieiji and others for tip suggestions
#
#Maximal characters for a tip: 77 (more can go out of the screen)
#The line below, including the "#" are 77 chars
#Adventurer's backpack? Did you mean integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid
#
对不起，没有无限水。
别给0lafe出主意！
别让你的机器忙活到后半夜！
别担心，ServerUtilities会妥善保管你的存档备份
破坏管道也得注意扳手材料的采掘等级
机器着火会爆炸
往干烧的锅炉里加水之前，先捂好耳朵！
远离邪术方尖碑！
给任务书绑定按键，省下一格物品栏
右击可直接捡起地上的菜园
菜园会在地上蔓延生长
水域菜园生长在水面上
武器生来属于战备槽
不带手套握岩浆，我是传奇耐烫王
留神！猛吃同一种食物，恢复的饱食度会越来越少
游玩战利品小游戏，获得超棒奖励！
过量使用转运器可能导致TPS滞后
Be sure to check out what you can do with Mouse Tweaks
机器的六个面都不能紧挨着下雨的空间！
不要跨区块搭建多方块机器！
You will lose your first piece of Aluminium dust in the EBF
Shift-right-clicking with a wrench on a fluid pipe makes it output-only
用卷板机制造板材，效率更高
多方块机器可共用壁面
无法从机器的正面输入或输出
Disable a machine with a Soft Mallet if it cannot finish a recipe
Forestry Worktables are your friend
试试任务书的Midnight主题
试试Realistic Sky资源包
Literally flint and steel!
匠魂工具可随使用而升级，提供更多强化槽并增益采掘等级！
Farm Glowflowers for Glowstone
Making Steel armour? Check out the Composite Chestplate
Adventurer's Backpack: integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid storage
注意线缆的能量损耗！
供给的电压超过机器等级会导致爆炸！
Loss on uninsulated cables is twice as big as on insulated ones
Power requirements are based solely on the recipes
A machine draws electricity from its internal buffer first
Tinker's Faucets can pour fluids and also gasses(!) into containers
当心污染！
游戏崩溃了？发现了漏洞？在GitHub告诉我们
匠魂的冶炼炉无法倍产矿物
记得来本整合包的百科看看：wiki.gtnewhorizons.com
Perditio and Vanadiumsteel Pickaxes and Hammers are really fast
按F9三次，开启矿石区块模式辅助寻矿！
下个版本削点啥呢？
You can plant Oreberries on Cropsticks, but mind the light level
IC2 Crops can receive bonus environmental statistics based on biome
Weeds spread to empty crop sticks and destroy other crops
Use Machine Hulls or Transvector Interfaces to ease machine access
Steam flowing through pipes or coming out of machines hurts!
You can use Fortune on Brittle Charcoal from the Charcoal Pile Igniter
Pay attention to Voltage and Amperage of cables and machines!
Warp is no fun, got a wither in your base already?
There are fourteen Voltage tiers: from LV(32V) to MAX(2147483647V)
Going one Voltage tier up, means quadrupling Voltage requirements
Shift-click with a GT-Block on a cable/pipe/etc to auto-connect it
任务书写得很好，多读一读，很多机制都有详解
默认按A键可将物品添加至NEI书签
多用用NEI。我们用的是NEI，不是JEI。
你的镐子还不知道它将要面临什么
挖矿也是我的世界不得不品的一环
这包要把我逼得精神失常了 - thcv
别别别——别—————— - moronwmachinegun，于超净间爆炸后
要是没那么贵的话 - tsutaaja
你傻啊！别把揣着贵重物品的背包拿去升级！ - DreamMasterXXL
待办清单已经列了一长串了 - Chaotick
*了，这模组真难吧 - LogicFalls
鲜血、汗水、等级 - Codewarrior0
不做了，烦死了 - Chewy
永远都不够 - moronwmachinegun
还得把什么搭进这游戏里呢…… - Mondfaust
GTNH，基本就是吃得苦中苦，方为人上人 - K1ngMX
随机数是跟你对着干的 - Pao
这包玩得我很痛苦，但我痛并快乐着。 - LogicFalls
NH坑我千百遍，我爱NH如初恋 - Elusive Ent
I've jabbed my screwdriver and my fist into it every way I can think of. - Axiflare
没用的硬币，其实很有用。 - Scribit
流体单元不起作用？试试流体装罐机
使用/xu_tps命令查看TPS。20正常，越低越卡
Use an Elevator to get into your Cleanroom, so you won't lose cleanliness!
战利品袋出不了好货？给它附上时运 III！
You can't enter the Twilight Forest without a Quick And Dirty Portal Generator
Press T while hovering on an item in NEI to see where it is in your world.
用电路装配线制造电路，造价更低！
在超净间里制造电路，造价折上加折！
GT stands for Grind and Tedium
Don't go out at night! Mobs can have up to 300 HP
Steam is hot! It will burn Wooden Fluid Pipes
Don't break Rubber Trees without a Treetap
Make Muffler Moint Mup (Point up)
Your EBF won't work if the muffler doesn't point to the sky!
Eating too many of the same food will make you hate it!
#Remember to check if there are Natura clouds when you launch a rocket!
Abandon all vanilla knowledge all ye who enter here
With the power of Duct Tape, I solved all of your maintenance problems!
When you open a Twilight Portal, you'll get hit by lightning
#Sometimes it's better to flee than fight some mobs
Sometimes the best combat strategy is "Run away!"
You can power machines by putting batteries in their energy slots
You can charge your Jetpack by putting it in the energy slot of LV machines
Be prepared to take hours to craft a single machine!
Oil + Thunder = Fire. Remember to put cobblestone over your oil wells!
Nuclear Reactor configs give 10x the energy they give in IC2!
Remember to plant Cotton - you'll need a ton of it
铝。了-雨-，铝。
#Sometimes it's better to buy than to craft
很多锭只能用电力高炉烧
按下F7查看可能生成怪物的区域！
按下F9查看区块边界！
需要林业的种子油吗？种点花生吧
Microcrafting is love, microcrafting is life
终极提示！你可以在配置文件中查看所有加载界面提示
哈哈哈哈，拿上硬币去消费喽
If you're making a Project Red system, make sure to use a wall of drawers!
How many circuits have you crafted in your life?
JourneyMap: Press [J]
本整合包不由Vazkii荣誉出品
sqrt(-1)爱你哟！
((MultiMC | Prism) > Curse) && (Technic > Curse) == true
你要做的就是跟着那该死的任务线，CJ！
Click on an item in the questbook to show its recipe in NEI
Come to the GregTech-side? We have... microcrafting
Cables are | || || |_ y
不挑食的好宝宝，身体棒棒长高高！
可在配置选项中调整游戏内信息（InGame Info XML）的大小
硫出在下界
在www.gtnewhorizons.com/spreadsheet查阅游戏机制的数据清单
如果什么地方太枯燥烦人，你就应该反思了
你用微波炉热菜的时候也眼巴巴盯着炉子看吗？
别坐这儿干等，找点别的事做
我的世界没有声音？按下F3 + S来重新加载
生命的意义在于开issue，而非关issue - Rongmario
Batteries can be charged and discharged in the same slot
3D-printed Lave 12 is the future - Sampsa
Don't hold machines in your hotbar when playing with cables
Was making HV connection. Missclicked and placed MV engraver - LewisSaber
Destroyed once a Tier 1 rocket by accidentally pressing shift - Regian
去r/feedthememes看看！
我 要 大 火 箭 ！我 要 去 月 球 ！ - St4o
对格雷科技覆盖板潜行右击即可打开其界面
Looking for Infused Stones? Try putting Amber in an Ore Finder Wand
Remove plates and covers from machines using a Crowbar
To divide items with a ratio, use the Distributor. Configure with a screwdriver
Stay one tier ahead of DreamMasterXXL!
“Fabric模组加载器”？有这个东西吗？
You can power machines by putting Redstone in their energy slots
UwU
HV升MV，嗯对 - Threefold
Daddy Kitten has no power over staff - boubou_19
内存不够？去网上下载点不就行了？
内存不够？去找马云要点不就行了？
Your 2 week Minecraft phase will be 2 years.
STILL DOWNLOADING MANUALLY? - curseforge
We had the name before nintendo
有磨制安山岩诶，好包！ - S_hach23
The Item Dislocator is available sooner than you might think!
Please, refrain from eating optical fiber cable
